Hahaha
A person who travels by taxi
I didn't fight against my Dong family
Stop talking nonsense and don't scold
Cure the medical problem and let your mother go
If it can't be cured, you will die picking things.
Don't you understand my personality?
This is a jerk
You talk to your grandfather like that?
Somebody teach me a lesson
Teach him how to be a man
Ok little boy
Let you see
Plus real martial arts
You are actually a celestial warrior
How do you deserve to know my strength?
Stop him!
Whoever comes will die
Who are you go away
Aaron, are you alright?
No one can do anything to me
I went to my dad's door to check
It's your turn to kneel
Little brat without me, there would be no mother for you
You tried to kill me?
I have designed many deaths for you.
But it was all on the day my dad took over
Otherwise you are already dead
Hurry up and find Dong Ying, I want him to die